Website live editor package creation + initial commits (#9529)
OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react: packages/tsx-editor/README.md

# @uifabric/tsx-editor

> Live TSX editor for website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monaco-based TypeScript+React live editor used for examples on the Fabric website.
```

> These are not production-ready components and **should never be used in product**. This space is useful for testing new components whose APIs might change before final release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The editor component's API and implementation are subject to change, so it **should not yet be used in product**.
```
